What do you want?
You are Su Jia Su Wanqiu
He has already been kicked out of the Su family
You come back at this time
It's about jokes.
Come home and give birth to me
Now the Su family is in trouble
How could I possibly stand by and watch?
I didn't expect there to be such an important person in the Su family
Did you see it?
A woman like Tianhao is worth your while
Added but sorry
The Zhang family wants to decide on the open space in Nanshanping
I have it here.
Debt contracts for all creditors of the Su Group
Now he has been transferred to my hands.
No more no less
Exactly 20 million
Isn't it 20 million?
I'll wait a minute. There's more.
Here are the majority shares of the Su Group
He is worthless
But it controls the lifeblood of the Su Group
That is to say
I let Su's Group live
He can live
I let him die
He must die
Zhang Sanli
You are going to drive our Su family into a desperate situation
It's not that I want to target your Su family
But your Su family owes us Zhang family Su Zhenguo?
Do you remember
The first pot of gold from your youth
How did it come about?
I don't know what you're talking about. I don't know
Change place
grandfather
Ye Su Zhenguo
You have not borrowed relatives yet
Ruthlessly abandon the liberator
They went to great lengths to steal the land of Nanshanping
An ungrateful listener like you who corrects the blood bar
It's time to pay